add new external posts (#410)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-05-06-troubleshooting/index.md

---
date: '2023-05-06T11:00:00.000Z'
title: 'Troubleshooting very slow Wordpress backend (100% CPU usage on uploads) with eBPF and Flamegraphs'

> description: 'A Deep Dive into how to troubleshoot wordpress with eBPF and Flamegraph'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'A Deep Dive into how to troubleshoot wordpress with eBPF and flame graphs'
```

> description: 'A Deep Dive into how to troubleshoot wordpress with eBPF and Flamegraph'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'A Deep Dive into how to troubleshoot wordpress with eBPF and flame graphs'
```
